everybody welcome back to nor the
language bunny classic Edgeworth plus I
looked at the footage from the last
episode and apparently it didn't record
any game sound which is a known bug with
OBS so I apologize for that here's our
see today's blue baby mtv our bln - it
was one of those things where i went
back and then looked through I was like
oh my god
did we did we have no game sound in like
all of the videos that I've recorded
recently but it was really just that
Isaac won so I guess I got lucky and
I'll just you know test or open and
close OBS between like literally every
single literally every single video that
we ever do but that's inside baseball
the thing is you know I start using OBS
to replace the crackle everybody goes
use OBS is a perfect program nothing
wrong with it it'll solve your crackle
issue then you use OBS and V where
there's no game sound it's a known issue
with OBS oh yeah we all knew about that
but you know it's still a perfect
program and never meant to do this ooh
see it might be a Windows 10 thing as
well I don't know I'm not blaming OBS
even though it is OBS is problem so
basically I'm saying I am blaming OBS
but I'm exalting myself of that blame
and that's making myself look like a
better person in the process come in
here that was a really lucky get I've
taken a lot of bad damage while I'm
taking to its of that damage which is a
relative lot for the start of the show
today so I'm pretty happy that we ended
up getting a little bit of HP back there
to kind of absolve myself start back at
zero here and make a good run I know
that said well you know what let's
squander it immediately I know that
Brian McKnight said start back at 1 but
I prefer to start at 0 because I've been
you know working with arrays a lot
there's zero indexed and as a result L
that Brian McKnight if you do want to of
diamonds not much of a computer program
and this is where somebody chimes in and
goes actually NL in this language arrays
are indexed at one and you know what if
that's the case more power to you I'm
unaware it's irrelevant for this
purposes for the purposes of this joke
like some our programmer humor stuff
right there is like Brian McKnight start
back in one I don't think so then the
for each loop not on my campus anyway
okay
let's big floor here little HP big floor
we're looking for a obviously our item
room which we have finally found and
we'd like it to just be DPS and they
pretty much fits the bill or dead I pick
up here is really really good to work
with
I can see forever is also nice if we can
get like an internal heart that would be
fine
but to be honest with you I'm not
worried about our HP COO too much please
don't be a secret room rate okay good it
wasn't in the location that would have
allowed us to not nice it would have
allowed us to not go to the curse room
via the front door so I'm happy about
that
we also have our second secret room
which has nothing of value essentially
blow that up get a read hard what a
waste
okay let's go for broke here Dead Eye is
really really really good ups our damage
to seven as long as we can keep it
consistent streak going here which is
working out you know really nicely for
the time being I think you have to miss
more than once to get it to lose its
maximum charger I don't know maybe you
have to miss and then not have a hit
within the next little bit to get it
because I felt like we got a little bit
of extra tolerance there that otherwise
wouldn't have been common but that was
fine and honestly getting an extra fast
rate of fire is also really good for us
as well as blue baby I'm mostly not
worried about stacking up spirit hearts
right now I'm worried about getting to
the point that you know offense is the
best defense obviously that's you know
largely not true in most sports you end
up having those teams that are really
awesome offensively and then they you
know get to the AFC conference
championships and just tank 2004 Kansas
City Chiefs of course who I'm talking
about that's right Trent Green Tony
Gonzales increased Holmes I'm subduing
you you got a problem
probably only name like I bet I could
name less than a hundred people who have
ever been in the NFL and all of them are
from either cameos in The Longest Yard
in the waterboy or they were on the 2004
Kansas City Chiefs aka the team that I
played as in ESPN NFL football rest in
peace great game taken from us too soon
that was the one there astray I hesitate
to even tell this story not because it
reflects poorly on me necessarily but
just because it makes me look like an
idiot those uh ESPN NFL football games
had a first-person football mode in them
where you actually played you know you'd
be like the quarterback but instead of
seeing everything from a pulled-back
perspective behind you you'd be playing
in first-person and it wasn't really the
most optimal way to play the game but it
was kind of a cool novelty of the very
least and there was a fake study that I
believed was real published around that
time and it made the rounds on the
internet and somehow found its way to me
where you know doctors supposedly were
writing and they were like oh we tested
you know the first-person football
feature on all of our patients but it's
getting really spooky like when they
take big hits they act as if they've
gotten real pain and bruises have
started appearing on their body and I
have to be honest with you I bought it
hook line and sinker admittedly I was
like fifteen old enough to know better
but still too young to care as Alan
Jackson said right I don't think we
really care about a-bomb for a tarot
card but I might consider it and then
you know one of my friends who I'm still
friends with to this day is like he did
something very classy
that I remember and I use it to inform
my my interactions with people to this
day I was like dude this is pretty
serious like I don't know this could be
like psychologically damaging to play it
and he was like haha yeah good one
me and the boys had such a laugh over
your post here that's that's a reference
to like a Steven Spielberg letter he
wrote when a producer suggested they do
something stupid in the movie he ended
this my friend did exactly the same
thing to me basically being like he
interpreted what I said is
joke and as a result gave me the easiest
out to be like yeah I was kidding but
actually in my head I was like nah I
believed it until that moment I can't
take it I'm sorry I can't take we should
go to the shop we could use the well we
could use the everything couldn't we
let's try this
I forget the the extra context of that
Steven Spielberg thing but I believe a
producer was like you know it's not a
calling the movie Back to the Future you
should call it you know marty checks in
and the producer sent the letter to
steven spielberg and steven spielberg
spends it sent a letter back that was
like I don't think Steven Spielberg did
back to the future but I'm conflating
stories here but something like that
after maybe for Jurassic Park and Steven
Spielberg's sent back a letter that was
like I showed your letter to everybody
we all had a great laugh thanks for
keeping thanks for keeping things light
and airy as production gets more
stressful it's a really really classy
way to tell someone to go ask themselves
wouldn't you say it's like you know
you've suggested something so stupid but
I'm going to present you with the
easiest out rather than having to get in
a discussion about it does it make
Steven Spielberg sound like kind of a
dick I guess it depends whether or not
you're on Steven Spielberg side in this
situation there's also like those emails
from the the Sony thing like a Sony hack
from like 2014 where like the CEO or the
somebody that worked high up in the film
department at Sony was like you know
these kids are really into rollerblades
these days we should make a movie we're
like spider-man rollerblades and oh my
god that could have been that could have
been spider-man homecoming as much as
you know some people love spider-man
homecoming some people didn't like it at
all I'm closer to the loving side for
sure I thought it was pretty good at
least no matter what he does in that
movie he ain't rollerblading around
going like you know how do you do fellow
kids so anyway this is why we need to
seize the means of production and eat
the rich
I wanted to turn this into like a modern
version of these Isaak videos they need
to reinvent themselves as YouTube has
become more and more political all of a
sudden the Isaac videos are just going
to become my platform for introducing
you all to my belief which is
anarcho-capitalism that's a joke don't
take offense to that joy wait that's a
real ideology and I know that's why I
used it if I just made something up it
wouldn't have the same punch
can't go anywhere these days of step on
a Twitter it's all like anime avatars
talking about you know when the
revolution rises up you know this is
where your head is going to go is a
picture of a guillotine they're not
tweeting it to me they're usually
tweeting it to you know like the Land
O'Lakes butter CEO or something like
that understand it we live in a very
tumultuous times I suppose dark bomb is
like a game saver for us if I had to
describe Twitter to like someone in 2012
our glitz a really cool place where like
you know anybody can say anything they
want to anybody and it's like a lot of
fun try to describe Twitter in 2017 it's
like it's a place where anybody can say
anything to anybody
stay away get lectured about you know
politics and healthcare all day I have
to be say the person who tweeted this to
me is probably watching I'm not trying
to single you out here but I am going to
use you as a sounding rod to clarify
what the heck you were talking about I
paid for HBO Canada to watch Game of
Thrones I called up my cable provider
because apparently it's the year you
know 1911 and I said ah excuse me on the
old-time talkbox
could I get that HBO package please so
they gave me the HBO package anyway and
I tweeted about it and I'd used the meme
that was like why the heck everything
got it cost money and I got a tweet from
somebody that just said must be nice to
be able to legally purchase things and I
didn't understand how to react I always
take the assumption I die actually don't
cultivate very much hatred there's
youtubers out there who who cultivate
hatred I'm not saying that it's deserve
it or undeserving but you know if you
talked about controversial subjects
you're going to get people to hate you
about you know sandwich meta so it
doesn't matter whether whether you're
fighting for the you know right side of
the wrong side you're always going to
people that hate you
I still get people that you know I've
probably got you know a few hundred
people muted on Twitter but that's over
many many years and you know someone
goes a bald idiot how do you get out of
bed in the morning I'm just like have a
nice day a muted I'm not getting into
arguments but anyway I didn't mute this
person because it's not offensive
necessarily but I just didn't understand
how to react when they said must be nice
to be able to legally you know obtain
contest yeah are they saying it
sincerely because whenever in English is
the first language whenever we say must
be nice it's always like a little bit of
an undertone of you know oh I can't do
that so you consider yourself lucky
right and then I was like well if it
must be nice like is this person
pirating content taking a stance on that
necessarily but are they pirating
content but then trying to make me feel
bad that I paid for it cuz I don't
because that would be ridiculous but I
just I I found myself befuddled I talked
about the tweet with my wife and I was
like I don't understand where this is
coming from she's on either maybe he was
actually sincere maybe they were saying
oh must be nice to be able to support
content that you enjoy in which case
yeah I mean 18 bucks for a
single-channel
Wow is also as the movie channel so
that's nice right I've talked about that
already
oh yeah it feels feels okay doesn't feel
like you know I'm the Saints or anything
like that but if I'm misinterpreting
what it would appears to be malice
where's my lucky pen use as our would've
would appears to be malice has refused
to be generosity is malice then I
apologize but for what appears to be
benevolences anyway the point is I don't
know what you're talking about but I
will not be shamed for legally
purchasing things I'm not bragging oh it
was close I think we could be close to
death here so just dial in for a second
I'm going to be shamed for them I don't
think any realistic person or reasonable
person would try to shame you for it
either which is why I found myself in
such a just add Arnold conundrum about
what the heck was even happening over
the course of this
roasted I can't see my HP but I'm really
happy that this guy dropped two red
hearts just one spirit heart it's a
little bit on the cheap side but I'll
tell you what I'm happy for it
nonetheless that means like he must be
at most one red heart away from paying
out again whether it be with Spyder
black heart or you know something else
spider black heart also my favorite
character in here's the storm I just
loved his heroic they're not called
Ulsan heroes of the storm that called
heroics because it's totally different
it's not a MOBA it's a character based
RPG with leveling let's get out of here
yeah arcades are meaningless to me at
this point I almost slipped into like a
very a very depressed Arnold
Schwarzenegger there wow we were half a
spirit out away from death actually oh
now we're one spirit art away from death
you know everybody can struggle with
mental health I'm not afraid to admit it
I don't have to the best of my knowledge
at least diagnoseable mental health
issues but you know there are days I
don't really want to record videos
Thursday's I don't really want to stream
I'm like I know I don't really feel good
today I'd rather just like not do
anything for me personally what helps is
actually doing stuff and not you know
giving into the beast I'm not trying to
say that that's like a cure but I'm sure
that like you know Arnold Schwarzenegger
gets depressed sometimes it's probably a
little bit you know
uncouth for me to make a character for
depressed Arnold Schwarzenegger like
guys I just feel like everyone is out to
get me you know that's you can't even do
the Arnold Schwarzenegger voice when
he's not angry I think the only way you
could do that character justice is if
you did like Mitchell and Webb style and
you mind it for absurd humor first you
were like hey this this is funny because
it's Arnold Schwarzenegger but he's not
happy or energetic he's just a little
bit sad today and then at the end you
actually tied in like a good lesson
about mental health you know like he got
better at the end
something like that leave you on a good
note
Wow I'm mad I'm actually mad
first off one of the worst dodges I've
ever seen but still that was pretty poor
on my part and 6g m-28 WJ I think I just
have to accept that if I ever get an
orbital it's like the kiss of death for
me lately I'm popping off like
consistent 4 wins 1 loss 4 wins 1 loss
and it's honestly getting a little
embarrassing but hopefully the
commentary is making up for the fact
that we're you know loading up another
video to unload explode on Edward
Hawthorne load explode on Edward
Hawthorne I see you looting
yes oh I don't think depressed Arnold
Schwarzenegger is really going to make
it as a character I'm trying I'm trying
but there's got to be something maybe we
can get like a Sylvester Stallone that
has decided that he's like really into
knitting or something like that
he had subverts expectations without
making anybody the butt of craps
a joke that's a little off-color nose
Mickey he also is just Rocky permanently
I used to it I don't never felt more
alive than when I got those needles in
my hand Mickey
he's like a mr. Peter W meat locker all
over again except instead of a meat
locker
I'm able to sweater for people to wear
in the meat locker see his can you know
there's a punchline to be worked on
there somewhere
Wow just walked right into that one
but there was that there's a closer for
the Blue Jays and I don't follow
baseball but I thought the story was
really good I was so done really good
nonetheless he's like I'm not going to
work today because I'm like I have
anxiety I have an anxiety disorder so
I'm not going to work today and I was
like that takes a lot of guts you know
everybody knows that we in the video
game industry are all sorts of messed up
you know
anyone that you can think of this like
let me put it this way I'm on the normal
side as a full-time streamer and
youtuber and you hear me rail on about
sandwiches for like 50 minutes you know
I've got it pretty easy 50 minutes you
know per hour apparently everybody knows
the world sorts of messed up in our own
you know weird and wonderful ways but
for a professional athlete to come out
and be like you know I feel like I'm in
prison inside of my own brain I thought
that was really bold thought that was a
good move and I was also very proud of
the way that people reacted to it very
few people were like oh I wish I could
just take a mental health day off from
work must be nice to be a profession you
should be able to take health day off
from work you know there's offices my
office didn't do this when I worked
there but it does it now they've phased
out sick days and they've just made them
so instead of like you have five six
days you can take or ten six days you
can take you just get ten days
and you don't have to tell anybody what
it's for so every year you know if you
don't take it you I don't think you lose
it but you should take it they
incentivize you being like you know I
don't feel good today I'm not going to
come in and it's probably good you know
I mean maybe less so in baseball because
it's not like they're going to postpone
the game for you but I bet like you're a
more you're happier you're more
productive fitter happier more
productive exactly as a result of that
I'm glad that there's been kind of like
a an awakening when it comes to mental
health now if I could just get people to
start caring about their physical health
and washing their dang hands when they
come out of the bathroom that's the only
thing I ask I see you looting I see you
at PAX toilets break down every two
seconds soap canisters are still 80%
full how does it happen some of y'all
ain't washing your hands if you're
sitting here right now you're trying to
come up with a logical argument not to
wash your hands well I don't want to
contribute to the degradation of
society's ability to fight germs by
washing my hands right no it's not about
you okay I've had this discussion many
times I've even had these opinions when
I was a little bit younger but you know
you wash your hands when you go to the
bathroom a couple of reasons first off
make them smell good so they don't smell
like pee or poop I know you might be
Santa just don't pee or poop in my hand
oh yeah this avoids it completely you
know the same reason like I want the
person making my sandwich to be wearing
gloves I don't know what's on his hands
but just you know these hands are
probably clean but let's absolve in the
responsibility and necessity right
second reason is I'm a young healthy you
know adult male youngish anyway come on
let me just butter me up a little bit
here I might come in contact I mean I
won't because I stay inside almost all
the time but I might come in contact
with old people people with depressed
immune systems ie sick people
toddlers you know I it's not just I'm
gonna try this I probably shouldn't be
I'm gonna try this it's not just for you
you know there's a certain herd immunity
it's like saying you know I'm not going
to get this vaccine because you know I'd
rather just get the flu and roll with it
not just for you you know you once you
have the sickness you're also a carrier
of the sickness and you could
in fact other people that's why I
recommend washing your hands and you
know who needs to get this message
you're like oh god please tell me who in
the NL SS doesn't wash their hands no I
don't know that if they're not washing
their hands they're not telling me which
honestly is a smart decision because I'd
kick them off a show like that till they
got their dang hands clean so we don't
change till you get up and wash your
hands buddy we're not going to go any
further than that the entire nation of
Japan that's right I'm going there I
mean I'm not going to Japan any time
soon k-tiz but I'm not I've had my fill
for the time being yeah let's do it
let's recreate this last run any
Japanese bathroom in a public place
there's like a 95% chance they always
have a sink and I appreciate that
because I'm sure the water is better
than nothing
95 percent chance of no soap I see him
go into Japanese business right as a
country of 150 million people they go in
peer pool run a little bit of water on
their hands splash them against the sink
and then walk out get on a train that
has like 1500 people packed into a car I
don't know if Japan and this is being
sincere do they get mildly sick more
than a country like the United States
for example or do they get less sick
because they tend to be in I'm not
trying to insult you by the way they
tend to take care of themselves at least
from a dietary standpoint from a better
position but like either way they do it
just it confuses me because it's such a
sanitary country like when people get
sick they all wear face masks so you
don't affect anybody else what what if
you did the face mask thing which I
think looks a little silly but I
understand I think it's admirable from
like a disease controlling sort of
standpoint but you also had soap in the
battle I'm not being controversial here
I think I'm not oh just another example
of a white guy going into the you know
some other cultures country and telling
them how to run their business
I'm just saying washing your hands with
soap of science I love you but just meet
me halfway here because then that means
that I don't get to use soap when I wash
my hands and then I feel like I'm
responsible like I'm I'm being grow
as a result so I gotta start carrying
around like my own hand sanitizer it's
one of those things that like I've
talked to other expats and people who
have spent a lot of time in Japan which
I would argue that I have not really but
we might lose this one too
never soap in the bathrooms it's not
like a you know wow Japan so backwards
I'm more like just put the soap in the
bathrooms
you guys are doing so many things right
here trains are wonderful so clean
there's no garbage like anywhere there's
probably like a lot of garbage somewhere
but there's no garbage anywhere else but
just get some soap in the bathroom
that's all I ask
you know it doesn't have to be dug okay
it's a job creator as well you know
starting get those soap factories
running it like 10 times production or
something like that I'm sure by the way
I'm sure we do some things that when
Japanese people come to North America
they go oh my god you guys do things so
weird why are their forks at the sushi
restaurant I don't
this is unfathomable I'm try there's got
to be some examples I always my go-to
example and I'm going to avoid just
retreading the same ground over and over
here but is whenever I see a picture of
barbeque and it's served like nine
slices of white bread and like that's
just humanity's come to farted to be
okay with that but then Austin tells me
oh no barbecue places do that and I show
him picture pictures and victus and he
goes oh no good barbecue places here
he's taking shots invictus in them slide
for the cenotes
anyway that's my requisite NL is a bit
racist fit here I don't think it's
racist to say that I wish I'm not
calling them dirty I just wish that they
had soap in the bathrooms although I
will say I think I've told this story
once before but it's too glorious not to
tell again I walked into a bathroom in a
train station in Japan they have squat
toilets not not every toilet is a squat
toilet but a lot of toilets of squat
toilets never seen a squat toilet
imagine caffeine pill from the binding
of issac but about the size of you know
like a basketball the height is the size
of a basketball maybe or not the height
the length and the width is of you know
just to take caffeine pill and then
stretch you along the y-axis and then
there's no seat but there's a little bar
you hang on to and you just kind of drop
your poop of pee out of your out of your
bottom and you come up any I don't know
and Anatomy works but you know you
Cooper pee into it and well you're just
kind of crouching over top of it using
the bar to support you I got no problem
using those for a number one doesn't
bother me in the least
I never going to use it for a number two
I'd rather hold it if it's like an
unbelievable emergency I'd try I guess
but and then everyone always comes in
and says I've read on the internet once
that it's better for your colon yeah
I'll believe it when I hear from a
doctor never got to my doctor and she
says oh what kind of toilet do you use
that's your problem right there anyway
one time I walked in and I was faced
with just a bizarre ethical conundrum
rainbow baby because I walked in and
there was a poop just on the ground and
someone had stepped into it they had
basically done a waffle stop now that by
itself is okay I've seen some gross
public bathrooms in my day I've seen
some weird public bathrooms and PAX West
on the first floor there's a public
bathroom that has a huge it's like a
stall but there's a huge hole cut out of
the side of it because I guess they have
a problem with people like taking
intravenous drugs in that bathroom you
know not adpacks but in downtown seattle
and but this is in the convention center
I'm just saying like I'm pretty sure
it's not the PAX attendees passing out
in their vote for the most part although
people do get wild sometimes
that bathrooms weird I would not feel
comfortable using it it's like literally
there's a window there where you can
just look at the rest of the bathroom
you'd have to be in a dire straits to
check that out but see I'm getting
distracted here there was a poop on the
ground and somebody had waffles stomped
it here's what I did I went to the
bathroom I peed I got out of there and I
got out of there as fast as I could
after washing my hands no soap
unfortunately but I thought to myself
like do I even want to use this bathroom
like I'm cursed as soon as I step in
here because the next person if I get
out of here and there's a person waiting
to use this bathroom they're going to
say oh my god that foreigner went into
the bathroom took a poop on the ground
stepped on it and now he's leaving like
I'm going to catch the secondary blame
for doing this even if I had just walked
in and then like walked out within two
seconds I'm the last person who saw that
bathroom without a big poop on the floor
according to you know if you'd ask the
people that have come after me here so I
am now like the Shepard of that poop so
I did I would I'd never came close to it
but in my head I was like maybe I should
clean it up to absolve myself of the
suspicion that it was me and then you
know there's a clean bathroom back here
I did not and you know in hindsight it's
actually just ridiculous
that I would ever have considered it I
mean after I cleaned it up how am I
going to wash my hands just with water
oh thanks oh man it doesn't it's not the
same it doesn't get the oils out so
anyway that's that's my story Kate told
me that when she went to Italy and
admittedly this is like probably like 18
years ago or something like that I'm
trying to remember I think she told me
she was like a seven or eight when she
went she said they were near the
Colosseum I'm not trying to suggest all
of Italy's like this they were near the
Colosseum and people apparently steal
the toilet paper from the bathroom and
then they try to sell it to you so that
you I mean have toilet paper when you go
poop I would pay 25 cents a sheet for
toilet paper I'd rather not have to but
if the if the situation presented itself
and I absolutely had to I could see it
someone verify whether or not that's a
true story because if it's a fake story
then I'm you know she's got some
explaining to do if she's got a real if
it's a real story then like man nip that
in the bud okay you set up like a
secondary like steam key sales market
for toilet paper toilet paper they
didn't even purchase in the first place
I'm not trying to say you know these
vagabonds shouldn't be allowed to make
some money but that's like you're
creating an artificial scarcity there
plus you're compromising you're just
creating more work for the laundry at
that point because you know there's
going to be I've been on vacation with
dad's dad's of all stars and stripes
there's going to be one dad eventually
who's like you know I'd really like the
toilet paper but I'm not going to pay
for it I'm not going to buy into your
racket you know dads are stubborn like
that he's going to pull up his pants
with it with half a deuce still smeared
on the o-ring and you know ruin a
perfectly good pair of chinos
and I don't stand by that because when
dads are on vacation dads should be able
to let loose they've been working all
year at the paper Factory just so my
wife wants to go to Italy I can't wait
to go to Italy so these found to be this
freaking Paper Factory plus I get to
make memories of my family and it's
going to be an enjoyable time and then
all of a sudden you know some guys
trying to grip them in the toilet paper
game I was born at night but not last
night good serve I don't even know what
I'm talking about anymore this is our
first fight against Gish if I'm being
100% honest and I've said this about a
few runs recently you might start to
think this is like the NL who cried wolf
I think that this run is pretty bad
halos good pacifier is good I mean just
in general let's put a blanket term
there our rate of fire is great dark
bomb is also good although we can't seem
to get a luck upgrade we're going to get
a little Gish here which is not very
relevant to be honest with you and our
damage is pretty bad I mean it is 7.13
but that's because we use the devil card
here okay to spirit ours is a big take
up and crystal the tower is garbage I
don't think I've I think I have taking
Chris to the tower once on this save
file I thought I took it on a run where
I was like we might as well take it
we're going to win anyway which is the
right approach to take for that item
that was just terrible okay okay so what
are we leveraging here to try to make a
bad run a little better well we have a
decent number of bombs and a decent
number of keys so if we can leverage
those to pick up more consumables than
maybe could lead to something good from
the shop also being able to dodge for
like the first time in my adult life
might be nice chemical peel is an okay
damage of now half of our shots are
going to deal like eight damage now
eight point eight point six damage
that's not bad not quite dead shot but
we're still alive so that you know we
have a leg up in that area hmm we're
about to leave the tank that's one as
well I think I can't I thought about it
but I can't bring myself to bomb our
donation machine I just don't think it's
like I wouldn't feel right about it
because our donation machine is our
friend and then you don't blow up your
friend just to get a couple of pennies
you know if I can give you one lesson
today it's first off apparently if
you're going to Japan and you care about
cleanliness of your hands bring your own
soap secondly I'm just I want you to be
clean it's not I'm saying I'm not the
cleanest man in the world I'm relatively
clean but you know there are times I've
been blessed or cursed with the you know
too much free testosterone or something
I don't know the genetics behind it but
I you know I went bald when I was like
19 I'm 28 years old I have ear hair
don't cry for me you know life's still
pretty good but it is a little bit on
the ridiculous side wouldn't you say
sometimes I come back inside after a
whole day of being outside and kael be
like man your ear hair is like growing
out of control and am i all good I was
out there thinking that I looked
respectable but it actually I look like
you know the weird dude from Star Wars
or Star Trek Voyager you know which one
I'm talking about maybe he's from Deep
Space 9 I don't know he kind of looks
like a hobbit but he's big he's like
bigger than a hobbit is bigger than a
breadbox
right I maintain a certain like I shower
every day wash my hands after I go to
the bathroom every once in a while I
could give myself a little stink check
you know you go okay we're still holding
up here it's like checking the oil in
your car people go I don't stink yeah
but wouldn't you rather check when you
rather just know like I've been to some
Friday night magic I believe it for me
or did you believe it or not take it
from me I'm not insulting everybody that
goes to Friday night magic
I am just saying that by and large
there's a certain the the overall
average cleanliness of the room is lower
than I like sometimes so you need a lot
of people there probably like why would
I need to shower I don't smell bad just
telling you just a general rule there's
days when I'm like that I'm like I don't
need to shower today shower anyway build
a habit I don't think people need this
lesson for the most part many of you
probably have your your lives more in
order than me does I meet people that
you know I had conventions and stuff
they're like oh I love your videos I
like cool what do you do and they're
armed you know CEO at Facebook that's
right Mark Zuckerberg Marty suck as I
call him I like to call him that because
it gets his name wrong and thus gives me
social value over him because he's a big
fan and I'm making him feel like garbage
so that's like a really that's pretty
much my central ethos uh we can afford
to fight this guy why not right no I've
never met Mark Zuckerberg but I do meet
people there's there's a little irony
one time I thought I was being clever
this was like five years ago as a
younger NL I've grown a matured a lot
through through the years as most people
I want to do I believe I met him at at a
pax and if you're watching this you
probably at this point think that I'm
just a total dick and have stopped
watching and you know what this is
deserve it although it is just an
offhanded comment anyway the point is
we're going to stop baiting it here um
he saw me he said like oh hey NL you
know I'm a big fan and I was like cool
what are you doing he's like I'm a
software developer and I said my
condolences which I thought was just
like kind of a pity like you know ha ha
ha you know that's big you know
software developers real boring it's
just like office space there's so much
irony in that because now I'm not doing
it for sad bombs but I did think about
it now
I love software development for one
software development is really fun it's
like cold Lego you know you're building
something but you're not building it
with your hands you're building with
your brain
it's really cool he just kind of laughed
and was like no huh yeah anyway nice to
meet you I don't think I'm not saying
the guy thought I was a jerk and I don't
think I necessarily come off too badly
in that story but the other part of that
story is first off I regret saying it
because in my opinion I was just wrong
but secondly basically if anyone ever
tells you what they do the worst
possible reaction that you can have is
like oh you know that thing that you've
dedicated your life to and like you know
1/4 of your waking hours or 1:30 your
waking hours wow what a waste you know
it's just sort of a bad thing to do even
if somebody's like I work at you know I
clean the bedpans at the hospital if you
were like well that's a crappy job right
amazing yeah but maybe it's rewarding
and even if it isn't rewarding even if
it's even if they hated you know they
don't want to be reminded that it sucks
it's just kind of a jerk move honestly
that's my this is my apology to that guy
you know there's a long thought we can
make it there it was a long time ago and
I don't think you took it the wrong way
but every once in a while I do think
back to that moment like once a month
I'll be like why did I say my
condolences that's just like it's such a
jerk move headed at this point in my
life and trying to take a genuine
interest in you know what people do
because especially if you like you meet
someone passionate about what they do
even if you don't understand it at all
it's cool to talk to them and figure out
you know what drives them I feel like
there's a good gisli message in there
he's like the same way like Dan is one
of the most interested people I've ever
met I think that's why he's so likeable
one of the reasons he's so likeable and
I didn't misspeak I don't necessarily
mean that Dan is one of the most
interesting people I've ever met
although I think that would also fit the
bill you ever listen to him during play
around on battlegrounds but anyway I
think one of the most interested people
I've ever met like he'd he'll get in a
conversation with you about something
that he knows nothing about and he
really
gives you the idea that he's trying to
learn more about it you know I think
he's very good socially in that way
which is in the Big Brother house will
get you killed if you're on the wrong
side of the Gea's you can manipulate the
masses right but in a personal sort of
like affable sort of way it's it's
really nice feel free to tell them I
said that by the way no problem offering
a fellow giving a genuine and sincere
compliment like that I think it's it's
virtuous now if somebody went up to me
and they're like oh hey NL how you doing
and I was like oh cool what do you doing
they're like I run a YouTube channel
called youtube.com slash Mathis games I
would be like all my condolences oh man
yes that anecdote hurts me because it
sort of a reflects badly on me and then
B also it just it makes you look like
you're out of touch and I just hate when
I think back to that is like I lose you
know when you have those stories where I
told you like you know my high school
bus driver was like have fun in college
and I was like yeah you too and I was
like that accidentally made me look like
a jerk this one kind of like was I was
accidentally being a jerk which is a
step in a different direction oh my god
are we actually going to be able to do
something on this run I'm questioning it
but also like hopeful I suppose and
there's a there's a level of growth
there you know I hope there's a level of
growth there as well maybe I don't think
I've had it's like the only interaction
I've ever had
that went wrong and it wasn't even right
it's not like he said he'd screw you and
then walked away it was very pleasant
interaction but you know doing the
post-mortem afterwards I was like that
was not a good interaction it's the only
one like that I've ever had and I think
that's a good sign because it's also if
it's the only one that's gone wrong and
it was my fault
that's perfect everybody else has been
doing their jobs you know then been
polite and affable and not weird and
that's
it's all it takes you know
I think anyway I am still a little salty
that Dan didn't give me that TV he was
giving away in that sponsored deal
though I really thought I was a shoo-in
I've never heard of the company that was
giving it away it was probably for
American residents only and somebody in
the comments is like you know oh my
boyfriend from overseas like we watch
all your shows on Big Brother we met on
Big Brother he proposed to me with a big
brother themed ring and I was like come
on Jennifer you're really blowing out
the field for the rest of us like how am
I supposed to compete with that
telling your honest heartfelt story I'm
just over here trying to get a free TV
because I got a lot of Twitter followers
and people care about my opinions on
sandwiches for whatever reason you got
to you know step in here with this
incredibly heartfelt story about how you
deserve a TV because yo I've gone
through so much hardship whatever do a
coin flip Jennifer I can afford it to
new TV I'd rather not have to pay for it
I'm being jerkin out now her story was
good as soon as you read that one you're
like that salons gonna win but this was
like two weeks ago at this point
assigned this video goes up as ancient
history I wasn't actually gunning for a
new TV to be honest I don't think we
could fit a big TV in our apartment we
got like think we have like a 36 inch TV
by the way if you still watch TV or you
use the TV that would you know play
console games or something like that I
hope you know how lucky you have it
because when I was a kid a big-screen TV
was like 32 inches now that's just like
oh yeah we got like that TV is 32 inches
TV prices have come way down when I was
until the age of like 10 I remember this
because it was a topic of conversation
among the at the dining room table until
the age of like 10 my family had a 14
inch TV it was on the other side of the
living room and I had undiagnosed
astigmatism until I was like 11 years
old so I have no idea how I got any
enjoyment out of watching television
just blurry shapes a hundred yards away
on you know a TV screen the size of a
postage stamp then my grandfather
bought a 60-inch TV so he gave us his 27
inch picture tube and it was like the
whole world had changed I was like the
TV's twice as big all the stuff in 320p
is gorgeous and nowadays it's like you
know these computer monitors are like
you know 22 inches or something like
that I'm sitting an inch away from them
we got a I think our TV is like 36
inches we got a probably $200 that's
absurd
I'm pretty sure that when it was like
$19.99 I'm gonna die I know it dude
first off where's my damage where's my
luck and where are my red hearts that
allows dark bomb to make spirit hearts
out of them because I'm losing my edge I
need some support nothing dude oh this
is bad
oh you gotta kill him hey okay I'm
pretty sure he probably paid like $2,500
for it now and it's hilarious because it
was not like a 60-inch flat screen the
thing was like it took four dudes to
move it into their house and it was like
maybe like two feet deep it had a depth
to it and then if you sat like anywhere
that wasn't within like the prime 15
degrees of viewing angle the T it just
you couldn't see anything this is what
technology was like back then still
pretty good it wasn't like the 1930s but
you know it was
wasn't the beautiful TV environment we
live in these days I know it's the
classic NL discussion topic is back in
my day I almost walked on that creep
because it blends in so well with the
ground but really I was when I Kate was
like let's buy a TV this is a 2014 I
remember because I was like I got to
write that in my adult progress planner
but Bob first TV I was like an
investment when I was a kid it's like
you make payments on your TV I was like
holy sure you're ready for this step
buying the TV we went down to the future
shop rest in peace now it's called Best
Buy because they're owned by Best Buy
there's a TV on sale for like 200 250
bucks
no we can just we can just buy that not
say is not a you know a decent chunk of
change there's like the cost of a dental
appointment to have the future in our
apartment it's a wild world man it's a
wild ish world it's not really that wild
what we might lose but also
simultaneously win in our own unique way
in this episode you know what I mean
what I'm getting that is I think we
could beat mom's heart we have a chance
to beat mom's hard and then not beat the
cathedral-like I would like to but I
think that there's a decent chance we
just can't even beating mom's heart is
going to be like a bit of a leap of
faith here for us I think if we get like
a little bit lucky shouldn't be too much
of a problem and I stand by to this very
moment the idea that you know this run
is a little bit harder than the status
quo and I know it seems like how many
below average runs can this guy have in
a row obviously there's some like
observer bias going on or something like
that but
I'm not fighting Hoshi I'll tell you
that much but I died sincerely believe
that like the last couple of runs of
Hannah you have been decidedly average
or below after four point two nine
damage I don't care what your rate of
fire is four point two nine damage is
not enough unless you got soymilk to get
the job done in 2007 teams Isaac economy
here got these head of course is lovely
at this point I don't know I mean the
cathedral is I think the Cathedral is
easier for the point in the game in
which it is then the womb to is the
difference is that we haven't gotten any
better between them so I don't know if I
would bet on the side of us winning here
but I do think there's a chance
especially we can get like two spirit
hearts out of that not gonna happen but
it's okay
go two and a half now with twenty three
bombs I hate this yeah I I had that
under control and then I stood in
exactly the wrong place but come on no
smaller rocky to spy there's no big deal
we got our spirit heart back life's good
and we also got teleported possibly to a
much better position here a lot of the
winds that we've gotten recently I've
been like kind of impressed even though
I don't think I've been playing ten out
of ten on many of our recent runs
honestly dude sorry I'm there's been a
lot of runs that we've won by the skin
of our teeth and I always think that
like you're entitled to take like at
least ten damage over any run and the
worst of run is the more damage you're
entitled to take maybe a bit of a
harmful attitude for making progress but
oh no no no it's nice nice nice okay
play this you got 13 cents try to get
some spirit arts out of it we actually
might be able to beat Isaac on this one
which would be very very surprising to
me hopefully there's game sound as well
okay we got High Priestess it's not a
great gift but it's okay for an Isaac
fight now the way I'm going to use High
Priestess is I'm going to try to get
through the second phase of Isaac by
just using High Priestess once I was
hoping we pick up like an empress card
or something but this works okay
okay Lily smack
didn't quite get through the entire
second phase but that's okay now the
hard part oh that was a bad dodge we
didn't get penalized for it now the hard
part is actually making sure that we can
get Isaac killed or at least to not just
do exactly what he did right there which
is multiple attacks in the same wave so
bombs are going to be useful for that
our orbital potentially could be useful
for that the more the merrier in terms
of getting named to stand still okay
that one's not going to work for orbital
so throw a bomb in there throw a second
bomb in there when you find in anionic
and your damage is kind of direct throw
a bomb in there don't you a bum oh you
got me dude I don't think I need it but
he's got me dude dark bomb thank you so
much for your help I couldn't have done
this without you
sincerely looks like we're going to come
away with the W here scary run but hey
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did click the like
button helps out a great deal of course
subscribes you wanna see more in the
future
Oh what with Isaac now holds d6 the
chest is now unlocked
that sounded like a scripted moment it
genuinely was not I thought that this
run was over we have to take Thunder
sighs I think hopefully it's not too
much of a speed down it's unlike an
enormous speed down but number one Oh
number one actually does nothing for us
because it doesn't adjust the dear cat
parasitoid tears is lovely but I'm very
wary about our chances here on the chest
but at the same time we have lived down
here so live to get down here so now
anything could happen but I think that
we will probably die I'm going to give
it the you know the old college try
though yeah okay I shot every bomb
directly into myself
[Music]
okay lived through that somehow
keep them guessing keeping guests nicely
done
[Music]
look around extremely quickly for a
possible secret room no secret room
makes me a very unhappy boy we barely
got out of the way there throw a bomb
down it missed we almost got tagged
again we're back I don't think he's
gonna pay out there either
he paid out work with me your buddy work
with me we're on a fifty minute video
here and I'm not looking how do they say
it these days I'm not good enough lose
this one
okay bit of a cringe-worthy moment so
you know what I leaned into the cringe
if you lean into the creams it's not
awkward it's confident probably I don't
know antlers school that's like the
opposite of the effort it could get us
out of a bad dead end that we didn't see
coming
holy cow I was like a holy crap we did
it and then decidedly we did not do it
got a kill Lenny laughs here are you
kidding me it's like the angriest
spiders of all time whatever we don't
need all these bombs
step1 here is like kill this guy before
the other guy becomes a problem is nice
alright rinse and repeat now not quite
dead that was scary
shouldn't have done that dodge no HP
that's fine this is a room where we
should not die like if we die against
Gerty we've made some mistakes
[Music]
Joker two hearts nice but I was hoping
we get like Joker into an Abaddon or
something like that but you're really
gonna leave me oh you're gonna leave me
right next to the boss room is what
you're gonna leave me I would really
like to kill the virus giving enemy who
was lost last but we he was chasing us
down and I didn't like our odds
so I'd provide my ideals we made it
through the room please be full of red
hearts well give you one cent okay okay
umm no
thank God for the goat hoof man we're
just going to try to hold it as steady
as possible here our life is better you
know the further away we get from blue
baby he's in a persistent state of
slowness which is really good for me
I guess that's parasitoid tears working
its magic I'm not used to a blue baby
fight that's a this long or be this
serious though I will say at the present
moment until he moves we can't be hit
we're doing almost what I'm cheese I'm
sorry guys I hate to use the see where
I'm real cheese right now that was I got
a little too close and his shot got a
speed boost what does it have a jet
propelled engine in it for now though
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button upside a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time I'm still
pleased with this run in its own way